there's a there's a theory that is
actually being tossed about that these
people that have this ancient well they
have this memory of childbirth right so
all of a sudden you're being born
there's bright lights above you there's
a man or a woman who's the surgeon with
a mask that covers their face so all you
see is their eyes okay and everything
looks bright and and it's terrifying and
clinical and you're on this table and
everything's cold most of these alien
abduction experiences that people
recount they take place in some sort of
a medical facility yeah and everything
is bright and strange and cold and they
think that what this is is they're
they're saying that we had this idea
that children don't have memories that
babies don't have memories and so they
say well why wouldn't they have memories
that's ridiculous of course they have
memories they have brains they they grab
your finger they looked you in the eye
they would have a memory of every second
that they were born and it's probably
one of the most profound and disturbing
memories because before that everything
is incredibly peaceful inside the
mother's womb you know you're just like
taken and pulled out and then there's
this bright light above you've never
experienced any light so every and your
visual perception your field of view is
all distorted right this is the first
time using your eyes that's why people
are saying yes that's interesting this
is a theory it makes sense to me because
of you think about more sense than the
abduction so what does because people
don't really go anywhere see the thing
about the abduction thing as they put
like cameras in people's rooms and and
they say they have these alien abduction
experiences but they don't go anywhere
so what they're doing is their dream
yeah which is the mind is amazing and
it's so powerful and we know so little
still yeah so also like these all these
that means it's kind of duh because they
all happen while you're sleeping ninety
percent they tend to be medical yeah
it's very medical in nature right you're
being examined and then there's also
going back to childbirth there's also a
lot of people that
have these experiences that they are
being told that either they're taking
their baby away from them or they're
studying their baby or that they had a
baby inside of them they didn't know
about and that the aliens have put it
there and they're taking it out right
yeah yeah I mean it even goes back to
the virgin birth right it's all very
weird but this this memory that people
have from childhood is most likely you
know probably a pretty intense interest
memory that's always there yeah yeah and
some people can tap into it and some
people can't
yeah sure yeah yeah this was also a
theory while natural childbirth is
supposed to be less traumatic like women
having natural childbirth in a bathtub
yeah that is actually kind of like
moving back to you know it's men start
to get involved in childbirth around the
17th century 18th century what happen
before it was mostly women so women in
the village would come and actually the
term gossip comes from the idea the
women who would spread the word in the
village that someone was going into
labor they were called the gossips so
they spread the word negative thing
later so that the gossips would spread
the word the women would come in this
was a female only chamber on and men
were not really allowed in a man might
be brought in if the mother was dying or
if the child was dying and then in that
case instruments were brought in to the
birth the birthing chambers so the
doctor might come in and he might take
these sort of forceps and the baby apart
and take the baby out baby would die but
in those cases it was like really
extreme like this was gonna happen like
either the mother is gonna die the baby
was gonna die both of them were gonna
die or if the baby was coming out feet
first
yeah Midwife could could handle that on
but this you know the cesarean section
people think that it comes from the term
that the idea that Julius Caesar was
ripped from the womb of his mother but
um it's unlikely that that story is true
because his mother lives into old age so
probably the the terms the Sirian comes
from the Latin term meaning to cut
and the first sort of record we have of
this happening I think is in the
sixteenth century and it's a farmer and
he takes the instruments that he uses to
castrate his pigs to cut this baby out
of his wife yeah and and we don't have
any records of whether this it's
probably didn't work again no idea of
germs all this kind of stuff no she
lived we yeah I don't have there's no
sort of it doesn't follow the records
don't follow the story but she probably
died and the baby probably died as well